{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 Helvetica;}}
\fs22
\b llmui - One-Page Summary\b0\par
\par
\b What it is\b0\par
A three-phase Android permission-scenario analysis pipeline that collects app UI traces, processes them into structured data, and performs scene, permission, and rule-based analysis. Supports LLM or vLLM backends and optional agent orchestration.\par
\par
\b Who it is for\b0\par
Android security/privacy researchers or app analysts evaluating permission usage scenarios.\par
\par
\b What it does\b0\par
- Collects APK UI interaction traces using adb + fastbot (Phase1).\par
- Pulls and organizes raw fastbot outputs into a local data/raw store.\par
- Processes raw data with OCR and widget parsing to build permission chains (Phase2).\par
- Runs scene recognition via LLM or vLLM (Phase3 scene).\par
- Infers permissions and applies rule judgement; outputs structured JSON results (Phase3).\par
- Optionally performs LLM-based compliance analysis.\par
- Can orchestrate Phase3 steps via a LangGraph agent.\par
\par
\b How it works (architecture)\b0\par
APK(s) -[Phase1: adb+fastbot]-> fastbot-* output in data/raw -[Phase2: data_process.py]-> processed JSON/images in data/processed -[Phase3: scene + permission + judge modules]-> analysis results JSON; optional LangGraph agent coordinates Phase3.\par
\par
\b How to run (minimal)\b0\par
- Install: python3 -m pip install -r requirements.txt\par
- Ensure: Android device connected via adb; vLLM or OpenAI-compatible endpoints available (set in env or settings.py).\par
- Run all phases: python3 src/main.py full /path/to/apk_or_dir\par
- Run only analysis: python3 src/main.py phase3 /path/to/processed_root --scene-mode text\par
\par
}